Pull images testing (#34)
NASA-JSC-Robotics/clr_ws: README.md

For more information, refer to the documentation in [clr_sim_demos](https://github.com/NASA-JSC-Robotics/clr_sim_demos).

This workflow has been tested against the `jazzy` ROS distro.

> To change ROS versions, update the `ROS2_DISTRO` variable in your environment and/or local `.env` file.

Reviewer: No longer a thing...

```suggestion
```

      export USER_GID=$(id -g $USER)
      ```

    - Alternatively, copy `.env.default` file in the root of this repo to a new file named just `.env` and update each line with your information
        - `USER_UID` and `USER_GID`

>     - Alternatively, copy `.env.default` file in the root of this repo to a new file named just `.env` and update each line with your information

Reviewer: Something odd happening here, but also maybe this should be mandatory now otherwise the setup won't work out of the box

```suggestion
    - Copy `.env.default` file in the root of this repo to a new file named just `.env` and update each line with your information
```

Author: I saw that! Some merge issue, I fixed it before which makes this out of date, but I like it being mandatory too. Are we leaving in the suggestion to put the variables into users' ~/.bashrc, or just leave to be safe?

        - `USER_UID` and `USER_GID`
        - found using `id -u` and `id -g` respectively

       ```bash
      cp .env.default .env

>       ```

Reviewer: Sorry, odd formatting that you may have to check

```suggestion
        - `USER_UID` and `USER_GID` (found using `id -u` and `id -g` respectively)

       ```bash
       cp .env.default .env
       ```
```

Then follow the instructions below to build and run the application.

## Using the Demo Image

The demo image is based of pre-built images that are pushed to our [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/nasajscrobotics/clr_ws).

These images contain the fully compiled workspace and can be run out of the box.

To build and launch the demo image, from the workspace root run:

```bash
# Compile (pull) the image
docker compose build

# Start the demo service in the background
docker compose up -d demo

> # Run the bash shell on the demo service container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Launch a bash session in the container
```

docker compose exec demo bash
```

> Once inside the demo container you will be able to run applications our of the clr_ws.

Reviewer: I like avoiding "you" and the passive voice because I am annoying.

```suggestion
The demo container will source the installed environment, and can be used to launch pre-compiled applications,
```

Author: I'm not well-versed in that so it is appreciated

Launch files for our supported simulation environments are included:

- CLR kinematic sim

    ```bash
    # In one terminal launch the kinematic simulation environment
    ros2 launch clr_deploy clr_sim.launch.py

>     # then open another instance of bash inside the demo container and run MoveIt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Then open another session and launch MoveIt,
```

    ros2 launch clr_moveit_config clr_moveit.launch.py
    ```

- MuJoCo CLR dynamic sim
    ```bash
    # In one terminal launch the MuJoCo dynamic simulation environment and CLR controllers
    ros2 launch clr_mujoco_config clr_mujoco.launch.py

>     # next open another instance of bash inside the demo container and run MoveIt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # In another session launch MoveIt, including the environment and sim time
```

    ros2 launch clr_moveit_config clr_moveit.launch.py include_mockups_in_description:=true use_sim_time:=true
    ```

## Using the Development Image

The development image is built locally starting from a baseline `ros:jazzy` image.

This image is not setup to run once built.

> Instead, the user's local workspace is mounted to the container and must be built at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, the user's local workspace is mounted into the container and must be compiled manually.
```

To build and launch the development image, from the workspace root run:

```bash
# Compile the image

> docker compose build dev

Reviewer: I really don't mind this change, but this is a pretty significant change to the "normal" dev workflow. I also think it's probably the "right" change? But just calling it out here so that when the inevitable questions come you are on deck to answer!

Author: I don't think I understand that. This section is under instructions for "using the development image" so I would expect that instruction to correspond to use of the dev service as well and have nothing to do with hw services. That was my motivation behind the change.

There's been a lot of mentions of "normal" in this PR but I think you were the one who established what the original "norm" of container ops here is. My deviation from that might just be misunderstanding of your intent. "Normal" is really subjective, especially to people with out much experience like myself.

Reviewer: Haha fair play. In this context normal == existing API. In particular, this PR will change what  `docker compose build` and `docker compose up` do in a _very significant_ way. For one, we aren't push arm64 images, so us poor MacOS users will not be able to run the demo workflow, which is now the default.

I think the change makes sense, but I want to make sure that we understand _why_ it is meaningful. A lot of people are using this workflow, and when this merges it will change the way they have to interacted with `docker compose`. Questions, confusion, and broken things will follow, so we just have to be willing to accept that. Changing the way users interact with your tools and software has consequences! And it is good to understand what those are before merging things in.

Does that make sense?

# Start it

> docker compose up dev -d

Reviewer: Consistency with above (change here or there)

```suggestion
docker compose up -d dev
```

        - `USER_UID` and `USER_GID` (found using `id -u` and `id -g` respectively)

        ```bash
        cp .env.default .env
        ```

Then follow the instructions below to build and run the application.

## Using the Demo Image

The demo image is based of pre-built images that are pushed to our [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/nasajscrobotics/clr_ws).

These images contain the fully compiled workspace and can be run out of the box.

To build and launch the demo image, from the workspace root run:

```bash
# Compile (pull) the image
docker compose build

# Start the demo service in the background
docker compose up -d demo

# Launch a bash session in the container
docker compose exec demo bash
```

The demo container will source the installed environment, and can be used to launch pre-compiled applications,

Launch files for our supported simulation environments are included:

- CLR kinematic sim

    ```bash
    # In one terminal launch the kinematic simulation environment
    ros2 launch clr_deploy clr_sim.launch.py

    # Then open another session and launch MoveIt,
    ros2 launch clr_moveit_config clr_moveit.launch.py
    ```

- MuJoCo CLR dynamic sim

>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MuJoCo CLR dynamic sim

    ```bash
```

    # In one terminal launch the MuJoCo dynamic simulation environment and CLR controllers
    ros2 launch clr_mujoco_config clr_mujoco.launch.py

    # In another session launch MoveIt, including the environment and sim time
    ros2 launch clr_moveit_config clr_moveit.launch.py include_mockups_in_description:=true use_sim_time:=true
    ```

## Using the Development Image

The development image is built locally starting from a baseline `ros:jazzy` image.

This image is not setup to run once built.

Instead, the user's local workspace is mounted into the container and must be compiled manually.

To build and launch the development image, from the workspace root run:

```bash
# Compile the image
docker compose build dev

# Start it
docker compose up -d dev

# Connect to the console shell
docker compose exec dev bash
```

Once attached to the container, is is usable as a regular colcon workspace.
The contents of the `src/` directory will be mounted into `/home/er4-user/ws/src`.

For example:

```bash
cd ${HOME}/ws
colcon build
source install/setup.bash
```

> Once the workspace is built and sourced within the container, ROS 2 executables and launch files can be ran.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the workspace is built and sourced within the container, ROS 2 executables and launch files can be run.
```

## Using the Hardware

Running the system on hardware is more involved than running simulations.

> Please see [HARDWARE.md](HARDWARE.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to internal documentation for more details.
```

      export USER_GID=$(id -g $USER)
      ```

    - Alternatively, copy `.env.default` file in the root of this repo to a new file named just `.env` and update each line with your information
        - `USER_UID` and `USER_GID`

>             - found using `id -u` and `id -g` respectively

Reviewer: probably want to be super explicit here,

```suggestion
    - Alternatively, copy `.env.default` file in the root of this repo to a new file named just `.env` and update each line with your information
        - `USER_UID` and `USER_GID`
        - found using `id -u` and `id -g` respectively

       ```bash
      cp .env.default .env
      ```   
```

Then follow the instructions below to build and run the application.

## Using the Demo Image

> The demo image is based of pre-built images that are pushed to our [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/nasajscrobotics/clr_ws) (you'll need a Docker Hub login to see).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The demo image is based of pre-built images that are pushed to our [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/nasajscrobotics/clr_ws).
```

> These images are tested in CI and intended to be easy for new users to get started running applications quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These images contain the fully compiled workspace and can be run out of the box.
```

To build and launch the demo image, from the workspace root run:

```bash
# Compile (pull) the image

> docker compose build

Reviewer: Do we need anything about the tag in `env`?

Author: Idk, I figured once this PR is done whatever we have as the default tag in .env.default will be the one we want users running out of the box and they shouldn't change it if they don't know what they're doing, right?

I also assume the first one up there that's not `test-0.0.0` will be `jazzy`, but I am not completely sure.

# Start the demo service in the background
docker compose up -d demo

# Run the bash shell on the demo service container
docker compose exec demo bash
```

Once inside the demo container you will be able to run applications our of the clr_ws.

> We have provided some baseline example simulations to test installation and get familiar with the CLR robot system and iMETRO environment mockups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Launch files for our supported simulation environments are included:
```

> 
> - CLR kinematic sim
>     ```bash

Reviewer: Spacing before / after shell blocks:

```suggestion
- CLR kinematic sim

    ```bash
```

    # In one terminal launch the kinematic simulation environment
    ros2 launch clr_deploy clr_sim.launch.py

    # then open another instance of bash inside the demo container and run MoveIt
    ros2 launch clr_moveit_config clr_moveit.launch.py
    ```

- MuJoCo CLR dynamic sim
    ```bash
    # In one terminal launch the MuJoCo dynamic simulation environment and CLR controllers
    ros2 launch clr_mujoco_config clr_mujoco.launch.py

    # next open another instance of bash inside the demo container and run MoveIt
    ros2 launch clr_moveit_config clr_moveit.launch.py include_mockups_in_description:=true use_sim_time:=true
    ```

## Using the Development Image

> The development image is built locally starting from a baseline `ros:${ROS2-DISTRO}` image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The development image is built locally starting from a baseline `ros:jazzy` image.
```

This image is not setup to run once built.

Instead, the user's local workspace is mounted to the container and must be built at runtime.

To build and launch the development image, from the workspace root run:

```bash
# Compile the image
docker compose build dev

# Start it
docker compose up dev -d

# Connect to the console shell
docker compose exec dev bash
```

> Once you're attached to the container, you can use it as a regular colcon workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once attached to the container, is is usable as a regular colcon workspace.
```
